DOCSP-26498 - Standardize MongoDB Server Naming (#399)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/crud/write-operations/change-a-document.txt

    The ``updateOne()`` and ``updateMany()`` methods cannot make changes
    to a document that violate unique index constraints on the

>     collection. See the MongoDB Server manual for more information on
>     :manual:`unique indexes </core/index-unique/>`. 

Reviewer: [suggestion]

Per our [Style Guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/links-and-cross-references/#make-link-text-clear), we should put the reason why we have the link before we say "see X".

```suggestion
    collection. For more information about unique index constraints, see 
    :manual:`unique indexes </core/index-unique/>` in the {+mdb-server+} manual. 
```

Author: Sure. Wasn't looking at things like that for this ticket, but happy to change.

    The ``replaceOne()`` method cannot make changes to a document that
    violate unique index constraints on the collection. See the MongoDB

>     Server manual for more information on :manual:`unique indexes </core/index-unique/>`.

Reviewer: [suggestion]

Per our [Style Guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/style/links-and-cross-references/#make-link-text-clear), we should put the reason why we have the link before we say "see X".
